IP cleaner: update documentation (#4015)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/tools/cmd/ipcleaner/README.md

## Overview

This command finds and removes orphaned IP addresses created by the jobs in a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project.

There are three conditions used to find addresses for removal:
- The address name pattern is not on the ignored list

> - The address users count where zero means the disk is unused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **users** field of the address shows `0`, which means that the disk is unused.
```

| Name                      | Required | Description                                                                                          |
| :------------------------ | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **--project**             |   YES    | GCP project name.

> | **--dry-run**             |    No    | The Boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. It defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--dry-run**             |    No    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. It defaults to `true`.
```
